Dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill, only a few miles from her house. The car had been hastily packed and Marta was inside trying to round up the last of the pets. Dave went through his mental list of the most important papers and documents that they couldn't leave behind. He scolded himself for not having prepared these better in advance and hoped that he had remembered everything that was needed. He continued to wait for Marta to appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere to be seen.
One dollar and eighty-seven cents. That was all. And sixty cents of it was in pennies. Pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. One dollar and eighty-seven cents. And the next day would be Christmas
It had been her dream for years but Dana had failed to take any action toward making it come true. There had always been a good excuse to delay or prioritize another project. As she woke, she realized she was once again at a crossroads. Would it be another excuse or would she finally find the courage to pursue her dream? Dana rose and took her first step
Sometimes that's just the way it has to be Sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind. It was done and that was that. It was just the way it had to be
The boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him. He didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road. He took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate.
There once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread. The old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land
Then came the night of the first falling star. It was seen early in the morning, rushing over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. It seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him
The lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out. Suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town. A car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan
There was something special about this little creature. Donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true. It wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it. She went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone
I guess we could discuss the implications of the phrase "meant to be That is if we wanted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly referential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo. Maybe such a discussion would result in the determination that meant to be is exactly as meaningless a phrase as it seems to be, and that none of us is actually meant to be doing anything at all. But that's my existential underpants underpinnings showing. It's the way the cookie crumbles. And now I want a cookie.
Where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. Do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? At that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
Here's the thing. She doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. That's just her character. She knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. Doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. We all already know this and you will too.
Her mom had warned her. She had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. She had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. So when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. It was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.
The words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. He never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him. That blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. He didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there. And yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank.
How do you know
How do they know that
How is it going
My name is
What time was it
What time are you leaving tonight
What have you noticed today? I noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "I" which makes perfect sense, but is something I never noticed before. What have you noticed today?
I inadvertently went to See's Candy last week I was in the mall looking for phone repair and as it turns out, See's Candy now charges a dollar a full dollar for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings. I bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things. The total cost was four-something. I mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: A Snickers bar is fifty cents. After this dollar-per-candy revelation, I may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a See's Candy any time soon.
There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. It was the clouds. The deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these. She knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.
The cab arrived late. The inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months. The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab. The correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice.
She had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last. It was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything. He told her that she had it wrong. The first step wasn't the most important. The last step wasn't the most important. It was the next step that was the most important.
Josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. He knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, Josh would be the one to call. The problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. Years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
At that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "I could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." He tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. It didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
Out of another, I get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. There is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. I always fancy I see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but John has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. He says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that I ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. So I try
Where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. Do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? At that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. David had promised that he would be on time today. He never was, but he had promised this one time. She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. Now she was paying the price
He heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result. It had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat. As soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield. It seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life
The cab arrived late. The inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months. The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab. The correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice
MaryLou wore the tiara with pride. There was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. She really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment
One dollar and eighty-seven cents. That was all. And sixty cents of it was in pennies. Pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. One dollar and eighty-seven cents. And the next day would be Christmas
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy. Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore. At least this was the way it was supposed to be Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway
He had three simple rules by which he lived. The first was to never eat blue food. There was nothing in nature that was edible that was blue. People often asked about blueberries, but everyone knows those are actually purple. He understood it was one of the stranger rules to live by, but it had served him well thus far in the 50+ years of his life
I’m fine thank you. How about yourself?
No complaints. Everything is good.
A little under the weather. But I’m okay.
I’m good. How are you doing?
All is well
How long will it take
I’m good thanks
Things are going well for me. Thank you for asking
Same old same old
Just fine thanks
Not too good. But I’ll be okay
I usually just relax
I don’t have any special hobbies. So I usually just chill at home
Personally, I like to sit down and enjoy the silence
I usually go to a coffee shop and read a book
I love sports, so I usually go out and play basketball with my friends
I’m a mom, so I don’t really have a lot of free time
In my free time I usually watch movies
These days, I usually go on a drive and think about my life
In my free time I write music
In my free time I usually talk on the phone to my friends
No I’m okay thank you
No, I’m good. But thanks for asking
Sure! I would appreciate it
Oh yeah. Thanks so much
Yes please, if you don’t mind
Yes thank you
No, I think I got it
No, I think I can handle it
Oh, I appreciate the offer. But I think I got it
Oh, that’s so nice of you. I would love some help
The morning alarm buzzed relentlessly, but Sarah had been awake for hours. Sleep had become a luxury she couldn't afford, not with the presentation looming over her head like a storm cloud. She rehearsed her opening lines one more time, hoping her voice wouldn't betray the anxiety churning in her stomach.
The lighthouse keeper climbed the spiral staircase for what he knew would be the last time. After forty-three years of guiding ships safely to shore, retirement felt both liberating and terrifying. He paused at the top, watching the sun paint the horizon in shades of amber and gold.
Marcus discovered the old photograph tucked between the pages of his grandmother's recipe book. The faces staring back at him were familiar yet strange, like echoes from a dream he couldn't quite remember. He wondered what stories these people might tell if they could speak across the decades.
The coffee shop on Fifth Street had been Emma's sanctuary for three years. Every morning at precisely seven-fifteen, she would order the same latte and claim the corner table by the window. Today, that table was occupied by a stranger reading a book she recognized from her own shelf.
Thunder rolled across the prairie as the storm approached faster than anticipated. The farmer's wife gathered the laundry from the line with practiced efficiency, her eyes constantly scanning the darkening sky. She had lived through enough storms to know when one meant serious business.
The archaeologist's hands trembled as she brushed dirt from the ancient artifact. Years of searching had led to this moment, and the implications of her discovery could rewrite history textbooks. She photographed every angle before carefully lifting it from its earthen resting place.
Behind the library's reference desk, Mr. Henderson had watched three generations of students discover the magic of books. He knew which teenager would gravitate toward fantasy novels and which would lose themselves in biographies. Today, he noticed a new face that reminded him of his younger self.
The artist stepped back from her canvas, paint still wet on her fingertips. The portrait had taken months to complete, each brushstroke an attempt to capture not just a face, but a soul. She wasn't sure if she had succeeded, but something in the eyes suggested she was close.
At the edge of the desert, where civilization met endless sand, stood a diner that served the best pie for a hundred miles. Truckers and travelers knew it by reputation, drawn by stories of homemade crusts and fillings that tasted like childhood memories.
The detective studied the crime scene photos for the hundredth time, searching for the detail that would crack the case wide open. Every criminal made mistakes, his mentor had taught him, and patience was often the key to finding them. He poured another cup of coffee and started again.
In the hospital waiting room, time seemed to move differently. Minutes crawled by like hours while families held vigil, hoping for good news and preparing for the worst. The vending machine hummed its electronic lullaby, the only constant sound in a place where everything else was uncertain.
The mountain trail stretched ahead, disappearing around bends that promised either breathtaking vistas or challenging obstacles. Elena adjusted her backpack straps and checked her compass one more time. She had trained for months for this solo hike, but preparation could only take her so far.
Professor Williams collected the final exams with mixed emotions. Another semester had ended, another group of students would move on to their futures. Some would remember her lessons, others would forget, but all had been changed in small ways by their time in her classroom.
The antique shop held treasures and mysteries in equal measure. Every object had a story, though most would remain forever untold. The proprietor knew some of these histories, gathered through years of careful listening to customers who brought their family heirlooms to sell.
Rain drummed against the cabin roof as the power flickered and died. Inside, the family gathered around the fireplace, rediscovering the art of conversation without the distraction of screens. The children complained at first, but soon found themselves drawn into their grandfather's stories.
The surgeon scrubbed her hands methodically, each motion a ritual performed thousands of times before. Today's operation would be particularly challenging, requiring all her skill and experience. She said a quiet prayer, not to any specific deity, but to the universe that guided her hands.
At the farmer's market, vendors arranged their produce with the pride of artists displaying their work. Each tomato, each bunch of herbs represented hours of labor under sun and rain. Customers wandered between stalls, seeking not just food, but connection to the earth and the people who worked it.
The lighthouse beam swept across the water in its eternal rotation, a guardian angel for ships lost in the darkness. Tonight the fog was particularly thick, muffling sounds and distorting distances. The keeper knew that somewhere out there, sailors were counting on his light to guide them home.
In the university library's basement, Dr. Chen discovered a manuscript that wasn't supposed to exist. The pages were brittle with age, filled with equations that challenged everything she thought she knew about theoretical physics. She glanced around nervously, wondering if she should report the find or study it in secret.
The mechanic wiped grease from his hands and delivered the news the customer didn't want to hear. The repair would cost more than the car was worth, another victim of planned obsolescence and the relentless march of technology. He offered his honest assessment, knowing it would disappoint but respecting the truth too much to sugar-coat it.
Children's laughter echoed through the playground as the summer sun beat down mercilessly. Parents sought shade under pavilions, watching their offspring run and climb with seemingly endless energy. The ice cream truck's melody drifted across the park, causing a stampede of small feet toward the promise of frozen treats.
The chess master contemplated his next move while his opponent fidgeted impatiently. Forty years of playing had taught him that patience was often more valuable than brilliance. The position on the board told a story of tactical skirmishes and strategic maneuvering, each piece playing its part in an ancient dance.
Smoke signals rose from the valley below, though whether they indicated friend or foe remained unclear. The scout adjusted his binoculars and tried to decipher the message, knowing that lives depended on his interpretation. In this remote region, communication still relied on methods older than civilization itself.
The bakery opened before dawn, filling the neighborhood with the aroma of fresh bread and pastries. The owner took pride in using his grandmother's recipes, unchanged for three generations. Regular customers could set their clocks by the emergence of croissants from the oven at precisely six-thirty.
In the genetics lab, Dr. Rodriguez stared at the DNA sequencing results that defied explanation. The sample showed markers that shouldn't exist in nature, suggesting either contamination or a discovery that would revolutionize biology. She ran the test again, hoping for a different result but knowing deep down that science rarely granted such wishes.
The train conductor checked his pocket watch as the locomotive pulled into the station exactly on schedule. Punctuality was a point of pride in his thirty-year career, a small but important contribution to the order that kept society functioning. Passengers boarded with destinations as varied as their stories.
At the edge of the forest, where ancient trees met modern suburbs, a deer stood perfectly still. It watched the human world with liquid eyes, calculating the distance to safety while weighing curiosity against caution. The standoff lasted only moments before instinct prevailed and it melted back into the shadows.
The jeweler examined the diamond through his loupe, noting inclusions invisible to the untrained eye. Each flaw told part of the stone's billion-year journey from deep within the earth to this velvet-lined case. He would craft a setting worthy of such patience, knowing that some beauty required geological time to perfect.
Night shift nurses moved through hospital corridors with practiced quiet, their footsteps muffled by rubber soles and years of experience. They were guardians of the vulnerable hours when pain seemed sharper and hope grew thin. Their presence alone often provided more comfort than any medicine.
The meteorologist studied satellite images with growing concern. The storm system was larger than predicted and moving faster than the models suggested. She reached for the phone to issue updated warnings, knowing that accurate forecasting could mean the difference between property damage and loss of life.
In the archive basement, the historian discovered a box of letters tied with faded ribbon. Each envelope bore dates from the Civil War era, their contents potentially rewriting accepted accounts of local history. She put on cotton gloves before touching the fragile paper, treating each document as the precious artifact it had become.
The fishing boat captain scanned the horizon for signs of the school of tuna his sonar had detected. Years of experience had taught him to read the subtle signs the ocean provided to those who knew how to look. Today the water was cooperative, its surface unmarked by the winds that often made his job impossible.
At the retirement home, Mrs. Patterson organized her photographs for the hundredth time. Each image was a doorway to memories that grew more precious as the present became increasingly difficult to navigate. Her grandchildren would inherit these moments, though they couldn't inherit the emotions attached to them.
The software engineer stared at lines of code that should have worked but didn't. Debugging was part detective work, part intuition, and part stubborn refusal to accept defeat. She poured another cup of coffee and prepared for a long night of hunting the electronic equivalent of a needle in a haystack.
Desert winds carved new patterns in the sand dunes, erasing yesterday's footprints and creating tomorrow's landscape. The nomad adjusted his headwrap and pressed forward, navigating by stars and intuition toward an oasis that existed as much in hope as in reality. The desert was both enemy and teacher, harsh but honest in its challenges.
The violin maker carved wood with tools his great-grandfather had used before him. Each shaving revealed the grain's personality, suggesting how the finished instrument might sing. Music lived in the tree before it became violin, waiting for skilled hands to set it free. He worked slowly, knowing that rushing would rob future generations of the music this wood was meant to make.
In the emergency room, controlled chaos reigned as medical professionals triaged patients with efficient compassion. Each case was a puzzle requiring quick thinking and careful attention to details that might mean the difference between recovery and tragedy. The night was young, and experience suggested it would bring challenges that textbooks never adequately prepared them for.
The lighthouse automation system blinked its digital readouts while the old keeper prepared for retirement. Soon this beacon would operate without human oversight, its computerized brain more reliable than flesh and blood. Progress was inevitable, but something irreplaceable would be lost when the last keeper locked the door for the final time.
At the crossroads where two highways met, a diner served coffee to travelers whose journeys were as varied as their destinations. Some were running toward something, others running away, but all found temporary refuge in the familiar ritual of pie and conversation with strangers who might understand their restlessness.
The quantum physicist scribbled equations on a whiteboard, trying to reconcile experimental results with theoretical predictions. Mathematics was the universe's language, but sometimes it spoke in riddles that required years to decode. Today's breakthrough might revolutionize technology, or it might simply deepen the mystery of reality itself.
Ocean waves crashed against rocks that had witnessed countless storms, their surfaces polished smooth by millennia of patient erosion. Tide pools harbored miniature worlds where sea anemones and hermit crabs played out dramas invisible to most human observers. Life persisted in the margins, adapting to conditions that would seem impossible to land-dwelling creatures.
The master carpenter measured twice and cut once, following wisdom passed down through generations of craftsmen. Wood was a living material even after the tree died, expanding and contracting with humidity, responding to the seasons long after being harvested. Respecting these qualities was the difference between furniture that lasted decades and pieces that failed within years.
In the observatory dome, the astronomer adjusted the massive telescope's focus while hunting for a comet that appeared only once every seventy-six years. Tonight's viewing conditions were perfect, with clear skies and minimal light pollution. She had waited her entire career for this opportunity to photograph humanity's ancient celestial visitor.
The detective examined the cold case file that had haunted his predecessor for twenty years. Sometimes crimes remained unsolved not from lack of evidence, but from failure to see connections that seemed obvious in hindsight. Fresh eyes might spot the pattern that had eluded investigators for two decades, or they might simply confirm that some mysteries were destined to remain forever unsolved.